welcome to nothing with padlocks this is
the review series I'm Tim good to be
technical director here and this is a
review of the abus hardened steel chains
now it's important to note that with
chains they are not all made equal
many of the lower-cost versions are not
made from hardened steel and certainly
the steel will not be graded
abus grades it's steel so it's called be
controlled so that when you get a
hardened steel chain it really is of top
quality and graded so that it's very
hard to cut and saw so the the chain as
a whole has a number of hardened steel
links protected by a fabric sleeve that
stops it from scratching your bike or
gate and there's not an awful lot more
to say about chains but what is very
important to note in a common question
we get people say oh I can't put a chain
on my padlock because it's a cloche Akal
type and I can't fit both the links
through the padlock now any decent chain
will be designed with one link at the
end larger than the other this is a sign
of a good chain if you have a security
chain and it's not like this it's
probably a sign that it was a cheap one
or have not two good quality so and he's
designed that you take the smaller loop
pop it through the larger loop and then
I'll demonstrate using a granite padlock
here if you slide that on there and you
can see now that clearly there's no room
to fit two chain links in there but one
will certainly fit and with that on
there's not an awful lot of room to get
any bolt cutters in there so they would
have to go for the chain which again is
hardened steel and very difficult to cut
so that's how a decent chain works and
that's the abus range of change